pretty today, God, right?
and then gang beauty akira have life
one more video speak of blogs this time
doing two more rosicky themes for
talk
on this wonderful day that is loose
cold but hot then author of calcium
shirt and short power since the
scenario can not see that my
room and if someone speaks ill of my
Leotard pillow will roll cap on
Russia
so today I recorded environmental with this
business had broken him because he was
cute cuddly
I also have my friend and companion who
It's my name of him but he does a 15
years will then stay here in the case of
video beauty or else this time that
I have this theme that was subject to
people even talk in if you want
to participate in some video of my I return
always ask on tv she 'll be able to
helping for up to an hour gives something
so but would have to have a screen that
here and the one that insists that sometimes
some something there with a smell of
new these things so it follows in the
Good hunting may be passing videos
times and even then having very
thank you in time then the first
will be the theme for what christmas is
Christmas to me, Christmas to me, that's one.
thing where I go to my grandmother's house
while the relatives some that I want
prove that you want to find others
some that I'll see I do not do
as time I have not seen for a long time
Well, it 'll be one more thing to
bring people together and I will not win
more oil present but the good point natal
not at least it's that I'm the most
new child but the woman in the case of the
To the country already had three children of tv
after the mother is not seeing you her son
younger I'm a younger cousin I
I am the youngest is because if you do not
will know his uncle of five years
so that the younger boy I am
practically everything but not of this family
I 'm practically not everything.
then this is an advantage because when
There is a Christmas choice so I always win.
things right my godmother aunt always
comes so it was a children thing and
child is not great but it was not enough to talk
that I deserve at least that last year
huh
in the last 10
okay okay but the last year okay to
ti is the last year the profit that will be
the last year was good, right?
or else the Botafogo law is to me the
natal and simon and cooperatives because
I am younger boy read but the
baby girl then it's always over I've arrived
on advantage then if you ask me
seeing there
even being bullied every day that I
I see you at Christmas New Year's Eve
all holiday all so do not stop
I like her, I'm a nice person who does not
I only care for computer mines and
You'll see that I'm going to slap you and
so there about Christmas is that thing is if
meets the guga this right for you
watching you have a 10 9 8 11 13 should
earn a buck of your voice if you
You have your family I know you
must have where he is small that is what
You do not know if it's clothes.
This also shows that sometimes
It 's too old then you're done.
earning money from my case every time
It ends up making money on the day of
children at Christmas an adversary throughout
celebratory party of the type always ends
gaining right in that thing that you
see in movies of eating turkey said
join everybody sing along
we did not realize it but it does not exist
not for me at least because it's all
world there
but it's late at night
if the morning capita bikes
then everyone meets there and
They just do not have it after Christmas.
and it's gone though
that's it but he always has those things
good here is my brother and join the
buricá type 10 plus rest lois
fun and funny try to talk one
Something for you there at Christmas is delicious
I can read something soon so stay here at
suez channel that you would look for
receive good company then there thinking
The other end of the year is you.
promise things that you will not have to
will not comply is that there are many things
in case I promise she'll come, I'll go
lose weight but next year off the
gym it's a promise that I will
to the gym every day I can here
seeing that I 'm going to study at
more human city will go right back in
rub and unkempt face relaxes
You made promises then she has a role.
if you do you buy this
business, you're a fuck because I said
that I was studying in that whole gym
I told her I 'm going to please her boyfriend.
It depends only on me but although I am
So beautiful, any girl I
want to
Well, those promises I think I made
a promise last year and one I had
fulfilled here at the gym not all
days but I started at the gym
I got caught up in this business and I was going to
many days it just took a few chances and
I was unable to put an end to a problem of
health or the type I was rather
enough day already so I'm very happy
with this goal being able to fulfill the
promised to pass them on to those
girls who say that it 's the year that is
happening now was a dump cause of
Boy, how much Christmas and next year will you do?
a promise of no more staying
little boy catch
This is going to fail, I'm sure.
because if you will end up falling in love
for a guy who will not want to win
if you find a guy you going
Wish you guys are going to be together and cute
But a deal here ends everything, everything.
just one day may last all year what
but one day it will end even though
finish
You can have taken advantage of everything else.
one day ends with ours was kind of bad
sorry but then about this business
Christmas and New Year that I can not conclude
There's something good for me because I
conserving the cousins that nowadays
working hard are giving
live his life so I can
meet him and play with him.
its there then for me it's a good thing and
A new one for me is something like that.
You renew your life, you can be a
Another chance to do what you do not
did last year or try
fix the things you 've done
wrong then for me it 's a good thing
You tell yourself in the comments
for you would be the new home one year
good thing to hear the bullshit that is for me
It's a cool thing , I do not know, I guess.
this video a little short but I a
through simple thing that I wanted to bring
That's because I told you in the video.
so jokes is zoeira so do not
takes things very seriously that I am
saying that the videos on the I
I'm kidding because it 's more for having a
interact with you and try to interact
This video here is watching this
story memories even if it's small
story is that already at 45 400 plus or
less so if you can give a
study to show on the channel
your friends that you think you'll like
if you are a revenge, friendly people
and that's it you did not know you want me
leave the jewel and a comment on males
and it will help a lot if you want me too
to help
if you want to help the next videos
there follow me on twitter is not big and
will have the first serve in the description there
I also have vine and webjet goes from
inscription also the steppe and come back with
part of the story that everyone can
make it and I go back on top only
I had one going and I'll try to catch a sun.
because this side here I can not record
on why he is fighting so that's
Then you're already there for future users.
you bet you forget to describe
on the channel there will be more and this year
still the travel video so it's just
sport for you then there thought
writes the channel was only entered must
leave the comment on the networks
social was Joycinha and then do not know if
It's true that we're together so it's
Thank you, thank you, and goodbye